docs: Add `unsafe_update_figure` doc (#1058)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/plotly-express/docs/unsafe-update-figure.md

# `unsafe_update_figure` Chart Customization

To customize a chart in a way that is not directly supported by Deephaven Plotly Express (`dx`), use the `unsafe_update_figure` parameter.  
A Plotly [`Figure`](https://plotly.com/python/figure-structure/) object backs every `dx` chart, and `unsafe_update_figure` allows you to directly modify this object.  

> [!WARNING]

> > `dx` maps `Table` columns to an index of a trace within `Figure.data` which will break if the trace order changes. Do not remove traces. Add new traces at the end of the list.

Reviewer: I would directly state why it is labelled "unsafe" at the start of this warning.

Update figure is marked "unsafe" because some modifications can entirely break your figure, and care must be taken to not ...

Author: done

Reviewer 2: It might be helpful to explicitly call out the relationship of `unsafe_update_figure` to the plotly docs. I found it very confusing searching for `update_figure` in the docs assuming this was an alias or something. I found the figure reference doc (https://plotly.com/python/reference/) to be a little more helpful in helping me find what I was looking for. It has more direct `figure.update_xxx` examples throughout.

> `unsafe_update_figure` accepts a function that takes a Plotly `Figure` object as input and optionally returns a modified `Figure` object. If a figure is not returned, it is assumed that the input figure has been modified in place.

Reviewer: Should link to full plotly.js docs where they can see figure docs

Author: done, linked on the first instance

# `unsafe_update_figure` Chart Customization

To customize a chart in a way that is not directly supported by Deephaven Plotly Express (`dx`), use the `unsafe_update_figure` parameter.  

> A Plotly [`Figure`](https://plotly.com/python/figure-structure/) object backs every `dx` chart, and `unsafe_update_figure` allows you to directly modify this object.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every `dx` chart is backed by a Plotly [`Figure`](https://plotly.com/python/figure-structure/). This object  gets passed to `unsafe_update_figure` where it can be modified directly. See the [Plotly Figure Reference](https://plotly.com/python/reference/) docs for details on available Figure apis.
```
